Add cometbft to run-node docs (#95)
babylonchain/babylonchain.github.io: docs/user-guides/btc-staking-testnet/setup-node.md

```console
systemctl status babylond
```

## 5. Running node in production environment

> When running the Babylon node in a production setting, operators should adhere to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the Babylon node in a production setting, it is recommended that operators adhere to 
```
